# Molecular-Docking
<sup> The molecular docking method is used to simulate the atomic-level interaction between a small molecule and a protein, allowing us to define how small molecules behave in the binding site of our target proteins and to better understand basic biological processes. The docking procedure involves two fundamental steps: estimation of the binding affinity and prediction of the ligand structure, as well as its location and orientation inside these sites (often referred to as pose).</sup> <sup> The steps that come after designing or discovering a novel medicine are expensive and time-consuming. Drug development can take anywhere between 12 and 15 years and cost billions of dollars. In silico molecular docking studies have been found to speed up the discovery rate and decrease the need for costly lab labour. Therefore, molecular docking studies are essential for accelerating drug discovery and screening procedures, especially in situations like the current COVID-19 epidemic.

<sup> Here, a 3D structure of a SARS-CoV-2 protein sequence is constructed using Homology modeling and execute Molecular docking of the medicines against the protein molecule and deduce the protein- drug interaction, which is crucial in the drug development and screening process. Structural databases such as Protein Data Bank (PDB) as well online protein visualization and analysis tools such as  SWISS-MODEL, PyMOL, AutoDock Vina etc are used in this project. <sup/> 

Receptor protein used here is 2ghv spike protein of Corona virus, whereas ligand or the drug used here for binding is  
